[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Awakening presents its
Ancient Aliens panel with
our guest speakers who
will be answering some
of our preselected
audience questions.
Our first guest is a world
explorer and the author
of several books.
He is also the organizer of
the Megalithomania Conference,
so you know who he is, which is
held each year in Glastonbury.
He is an international
lecturer who
has just released a new
book with co-author Jim
Vieira entitled "The Giants
of Stonehenge and Ancient
Britain."
Ladies and gentlemen,
please give a very warm
welcome to Mr. Hugh Newman.
[APPLAUSE]
Welcome.
Our next guest is a science and
history writer and the author
of over 15 books that
challenged the way we
think about the past.
In 2008, along with researcher
Nigel Skinner Simpson,
he discovered a previously
unrecorded cave system
beneath the shadow of the
Great Pyramid at Giza.
It is a story that has brought
him acclaim across the world.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please give a warm
welcome to Andrew Collins.
[APPLAUSE]
>> You all right?
>> Hello.
Ladies and gentlemen,
our next guest
has been described as
a female Indiana Jones.
And when she's not
traveling and conducting
research on ancient
sites, she has
time to author books,
conduct tour guides,
utilize her amazing
abilities as a dowser
and of course, lecturer
internationally.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please give a warm
welcome to Maria Wheatley.
[APPLAUSE]
Hello.
>> Hi.
Thank you.
>> Our next guest has traveled
the world investigating ancient
sites and is a principal
researcher for Project Doorway.
He has also spent over
three decades investigating
the supernatural and was a lead
investigator for the TV show
"Ghost Hunters International."
He is an executive producer,
international lecturer,
and author of several books,
his latest being co-authored
with Brian Allan entitled "The
Deceptions of Gods and Men."
ladies and gentlemen,
please give a warm
welcome to Barry Fitzgerald.
[APPLAUSE]
And our next guest, our
final guest this evening
for our Ancient Alien Panel
is an American entrepreneur,
author, music artist, TV host,
producer, actor, and director
who specializes in the study
of ancient civilizations.
He is the founder of
4biddenknowledge TV
and the co-founder of the
First Class Space Agency
and its subsidiary United
Family of Anomaly Hunters.
He is also a two-times
bestselling author.
Ladies and gentlemen,
for his first appearance
here in the UK, please
give a very warm
welcome to Mr. Billy Carson.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Thank you.
>> Good to see you.
Our esteemed guests will be
asked some preselected audience
questions, starting with Hugh
Newman and then moving along.
So without further
ado, I'll pass you over
to our digital emcee,
Mr. Peter Twist.
>> Hugh Newman.
Hugh, there has been
much talk recently
in regards to giant
bones discovered
near Stonehenge in the UK.
If this is true,
and if so, does this
mean that there is a possibility
that Stonehenge could
have been built by giants?
>> Yes.
Yes.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Is that next question now?
>> Yeah.
I live in the
Stonehenge landscape,
and I haven't found
anything bones or giants
myself just yet.
But who knows what's
under my house?
It is quite haunted.
So you know, you never know.
But I've been researching with
Jim Vieira for a good few years
on our new book, "The
Giants of Stonehenge
and Ancient Britain."
And we were always intrigued
by, you know, the fact
that many of these megalithic
sites, Stonehenge included,
have these giant legends,
these myths at their core.
And even the earliest name
recorded of Stonehenge
is the Giant's Dance or
a Welsh Chorea Gigantum
in various interpretations of
that, which comes from the book
"The History of the
Kings of Britain"
by Geoffrey of Monmouth.
And there were earlier
texts which mentioned
this giant connection as well.
And the myth goes--
I'll just quickly
summarize this,
that in very ancient times,
the stones of Stonehenge
were brought over from the
farthest reaches of Africa
by a group of giants.
And they were placed at
a site called Killaraus
in the remote part of Ireland.
They stayed there for
thousands of years.
And then at some
point, King Ambrosius
summoned his army, which
was led by Uther Pendragon,
to bring the stones over from
Ireland to Salisbury Plain
to build them in
honor, reconstruct them
in honor of a fallen
army in a great battle
where many of his
soldiers had been slain.
But here they
couldn't move them.
The 15,000 strong couldn't
move the stones from Ireland.
They tried really hard, and
they couldn't budge a stone.
And so they had to call
on the services of Merlin
the magician or the
wizard to go over there.
And he was said to have moved
all the stones on his own.
And there were two or
three interpretations.
One story said he used
gears, levers, and engines.
And others says he used magic
and sleight to bring them over.
Whichever way he did it,
they got to Salisbury Plain
and they were reconstructed
in the exact configuration.
In fact, the earliest
depiction ever of Stonehenge
is from a version of
the history of Kingsbury
and it came out a bit later that
has Merlin with King Ambrosius
and what looks like a 16 to
18 foot tall giant lifting
one of the lintels, one of
the top stones, into place.
And so this giant
connection with Stonehenge
always intrigued us.
And then we found that
in 1719, myself and Jim
came across a report
of a nine foot
four skeleton being
found in a giant's
grave, a mound near Salisbury.
Now Salisbury is the
nearest town to Stonehenge.
It's just a few miles south.
And it's part really of the
greater Stonehenge landscape.
And this really intrigued us.
We found two or three
accounts of this.
And we know exactly
where it was buried,
but it's been built over
now by the local art center.
But then we found this other
account which really got us,
because this is from 1508.
And it was witnessed
by Sir Thomas Eliot,
who was a well known scholar.
He was an MP for Cambridge.
He also wrote the
first Latin dictionary.
And he witnessed a
14-foot 10-inch skeleton
found in the general area
just south of Salisbury.
Again, within the
Stonehenge landscape.
Now 14 foot 10 is really tall.
I mean, if you meet
someone who's seven foot,
it's pretty impressive.
So when you meet someone
who's 14 foot 10 or at least
find their skeleton.
And he was buried in
this huge oak log coffin.
It had a book with
strange inscriptions on it
that could never be deciphered.
And they found this quite large
metal disk made of tin and lead
that again had the same kind
of obscure inscriptions on it.
But no one could decode it.
All of these have
now disappeared.
But before they
did disappear, they
were witnessed not
only by Thomas Eliot
and his well-known
father, but also
by John Leland and various
other well-known scholars,
almost like celebrities
and academics at the time.
So they wouldn't
really make this up.
One of the weird
things as well, even
in the Bush Barrow where the
famous lozenge was found,
which is just next
to Stonehenge,
the description of
the burial there
was a very robust,
very tall individual.
We have similar accounts from
other mounds in the area.
But also we have this tradition
going back to the 1400s
of a secret society, the
Guild of Tailors in Salisbury,
parading a 24-foot giant
around town every summer--
just after the summer solstice,
St. John the Baptist Day.
Every year since the mid-1400s.
This is before the
skeletons were even found.
And so there's
this-- why were they
parading this giant around?
What was this pageant all about?
And then we realized
they eventually named him
St. Christopher.
And me and Jim when we
were researching it,
but why would they name
a giant St. Christopher?
St. Christopher, if you look,
he was a giant Canaanite warrior
from the Bible lands.
And he was said to have
carried Jesus on his shoulder
when he came over.
And this is what he
became famous for.
And he decided to, you know,
kind of worship Jesus and God
and all this kind of stuff.
But so you've got all
these giant connections
even with the Bible lands
in this particular area.
But I must admit,
this is the tip
of the iceberg when it comes
to the giant discoveries made,
especially in relation to
megalithic sites in Ancient
Britain and Ireland and
Scotland and Wales, everywhere.
We have over 250
accounts with legends
that match the discoveries
being made in the ground.
And so there's a
real story here,
and I hope this has given
you a quick introduction.
And hopefully it's
answered the question.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Andrew Collins.
Andrew, do the last
underworld of catacombs
beneath the Egyptian
pyramids show any evidence
that the Egyptians built them?
And if so, why were
they left unexplored
for around 200 years?
>> Well, that's a big one.
Who's heard of the
Hall of Records?
OK.
The idea that somewhere
beneath the Plateau at Giza,
beneath the Great Pyramid,
beneath the Great Sphinx
is some kind of secret
chamber with the--
quite literally the
secrets of the universe
contained within it.
Well this is something which
has actually been written
about for the last 2,000 years.
I mean, there's
Roman accounts of it.
There's various Arab accounts.
There are various people
in the 19th century
that wrote about it.
The great psychic Edgar
Cayce wrote about the idea
of the Hall of Records.
And back in the '80s, I
first got to hear about this.
And I thought, I want
to try and find it.
I mean, I want to go out there
and actually try and find it.
And I didn't really get the
opportunity until the 2000s.
And by that time, I was in
quite an influential position
as far as my relationship
with people on the plateau,
egyptologists, and whatever.
And I started working with
an egyptological researcher
by the name of Nigel
Skinner Simpson.
And the idea was to
try and find if there
was any possible entrance into
a cave underworld at Giza that
would eventually lead
to the Hall of Records,
which I firmly
believe was there.
And it took us five
years, I mean, you know,
of absolute research, you
know, throughout the 2000s.
And then in 2008, we started--
we uncovered this
200-year-old diary account
that talked about a
British consul general guy
by the name of Henry Salt
and his Italian, you know,
explorer friend by the
name of Giovanni Caviglia.
And it was-- and there
was in this account,
it said that they'd
gone into caves at Giza
for a distance of
about 300 feet.
And that they went
even beyond that.
They found chambers or whatever.
And Nigel said,
look, you know, I've
read virtually
everything that's ever
been written about
the Giza Plateau,
whether it be in books,
articles, papers.
And whatever they went into,
which was in about 1819,
it's just not recorded.
So we carefully tried
to dissect exactly
whereabouts this entrance
into this cave underworld was.
And we pinned it down
to the northwest corner
of the plateau.
And we thought, well,
OK, what's there?
So we did a cursory visit.
And there is this weird place
called the Tomb of the Birds
where Howard Vice, who was a
British engineer researcher
explorer in the mid-19th
century had supposedly
found the remains of
a lot of bird mummies
and had removed them
out of this chamber.
And again, absolutely no record
of this in any official count.
We went back there knowing
that this entrance had
to be in the vicinity of this
so-called Tomb of the Birds.
So what we did was we hired
camels and put all of our stuff
on camels and got onto the Giza
Plateau via the rear entrance
to the south,
which is what you--
the only place that
you can get onto it
when they don't actually check.
And we went across
to this, you know,
this particular place
called the Tomb of the Birds
and investigated it.
And eventually, in
the absolute darkness,
we found this small crack
leading into this huge cave
chamber.
And, you know, when we
shone the torch in there,
and it was like, oh my god.
I mean, it's this massive, huge
natural cave structure that
had never been recorded before.
Certainly not over
the last 200 years.
So we went into it.
And it was absolutely full
of bats and poisonous spiders
and all sorts of other,
you know, bugs of the sort
that you see on an
Indiana Jones film.
And it was absolutely
full of this.
So we progressed this as
far as we possibly could.
Until eventually,
the whole thing just
shrank down to this small tube.
You know, probably about
150 yards, you know, meters.
And we eventually had to stop.
We went back there
in all four times.
But we had to report
it as well, which
we did to the local
egyptological authorities.
And eventually, we
had to present it
all to Dr. Zahi Hawass, who
was the big boss of the Supreme
Council of Antiquities.
And he just denied it.
He said, you've
discovered nothing.
You know.
And we said, no, no, we have.
We got the photographs
to prove it.
Just a few months
later, right, he's
on this TV show which
was called Finding--
I can't remember what it was.
What was it?
You know, this thing where
they were following him around,
this reality show.
Where they're actually showing
him going into these caves
and discovering them
himself and avoiding
all these bats flying around.
And saying this was the most
incredible experience he's ever
had on the Giza Plateau.
Which is just
absolutely bizarre.
But the whole thing was written
up in a book that I wrote.
It was published in 2009
called "Beneath the Pyramids."
Unfortunately it's
not available anymore.
But this all got me into
serious problems eventually.
And if I'd have gone back
to Egypt for a few years,
I would have got arrested.
Serious.
And that's without even talking
about what happened in Turkey,
but that's another story.
(CHUCKLES) But-- anyway, so
but my good friend Robert
Bauval, the author of
"The Orion Mystery"
knew all the right people
and sorted it all out.
So we can--
I can finally go back
to Egypt, you know,
with my head held high.
So that was it.
But those caves, you can
see them on radar images.
And they go underneath
the second pyramid.
Not the Sphinx, not
the Great Pyramid.
The second pyramid.
And it's said that
underneath the second pyramid
is the tomb of Hermes.
And that within his
hands, he holds something
called the Emerald Tablet.
And that they themselves
are supposedly
symbolic of these
great secrets that
are to be found within
the Hall of Records
when finally you get to that.
But I'd like to
think that we've come
closest to actually entering
inside those Hall of Records.
So basically that's
my story of Egypt.
But just one of the many
adventures I've been on.
So thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Maria Wheatley.
Maria, it has been
written that decades ago,
a most unusual skeleton was
excavated close to Stonehenge.
Its description was said to
be very similar to Lloyd Pie's
famous Starchild.
How true is this, and why
was it described as unusual?
>> Well, there's many
different types of beings
or civilizations
associated with Stonehenge.
There are giants,
like Hugh describes.
But there are also other
types of civilizations
that were much smaller
and very elfin-like.
And I'll be describing
that in my talk.
My research, I really
like the Neolithic Era.
And that's the ancient
time of Stonehenge.
That's going back to around
3800 BC and beyond that.
And they built and
constructed long barrows,
causeway enclosures,
and cursus monuments.
They were an incredible
type of people,
because I discovered
that they had
long skulls, elongated skulls.
And the femur bones
of these people
were only up to 16 inches,
which makes them really small.
The opposite of the giants.
So they were really
about sort of four feet
eight for the women.
And five feet four for the
males of the Neolithic period.
Now in that research, I noticed
that there's a long barrow,
it's not on the map.
It's on a very ancient map
that is in view of Stonehenge.
And in that barrow was described
the most unusual burial ever.
It's unprecedented.
And it hasn't anything like
it in the British Isles.
So if you imagine
that in the Neolithic,
they would take a
whole body and put it
in what's called the
flexed position-- that's
in like the fetal
position-- and tie it up.
Or they would deflesh
the person and take
the skull and the long bones
and sometimes a whole person
as well and place those
into megalithic chambers.
That's a Neolithic burial.
Very common.
But near Stonehenge,
things get weird.
And they really do.
It's an energetic landscape.
It's got ley lines
flowing through it.
It's got aquifers beneath it.
It's a high res place.
And that's why
English heritage don't
want you to touch the stones.
Because you will
get a download, as I
have and many other
people before.
In fact, in my
presentation, I'm going
to tell you lie after lie after
lie that the Ministry of Works
has done to Stonehenge.
They've hidden stones.
They've defaced them,
which is a crime.
And one stone was stolen
by the Royal Family.
But back to the Neolithic Era.
For example, in
this unusual mound,
there were people
with long skulls,
the short people
in a circle tied together.
And in the center of
that circle of beings
was this very unusual
skull that was described.
It stopped the excavators
in their tracks,
and they literally looked at
it and said, what is this?
And so they wrote a report.
And that report was
re-evaluated in the 1930s.
And it said that
there was a skull
and it had eyes on
top of its head.
Very similar like it was
said to Lloyd Pie's skull.
But more than that, it
was the whole skeleton
that they were describing.
And they were saying
the rib cages,
they were very strange,
very close together.
And it had a tail.
And it must have been revered,
because everybody else was
holding it around.
I gave that report
to Dr. Ted Robinson,
who worked with Lloyd
Pie on the Starchild.
And I said, you tell
me what's going on.
You worked with Lloyd Pie.
And he said it's an
identical type of being.
So I think there's
lots more going on
in this Stonehenge landscape
than we really know about.
And it's people
that, you know, do
the investigations
that find there's
different civilizations.
And I think the different
phases of Stonehenge--
because an archaeologist
will say, oh,
it took 1,000 years
to build Stonehenge.
And it had feature after
feature, and it was altered
and it was altered.
I think it was built originally
by the Neolithic people
and altered by different
civilizations that
came through.
And even in the kind
of prehistoric times,
Stonehenge has been evolving.
But one thing I really
do think about about
the long-skulled
people-- because I
had the pleasure of going
to Cambridge University
to really study
and view the skull.
And anybody knows me that
knows I'm a bit of a druid,
and I can be a bit
of a witch as well.
And so what I did,
I kind of vibed
the curator to leave the room.
And I was kind of vibing
and vibing and vibing.
And then at Cambridge,
you think they
would have sophisticated
communication systems.
No.
It was an old fashioned
pager that went off.
And she said, you
don't mind if I just
leave the room for a little
while, do you, Maria?
I said, no, of course not.
And then I had the--
it was a real pleasure
to feel the skull.
And it was almost like the
chakra system of the upper part
was still alive
and still beating.
And saying kind of-- like
energy was coming out.
And so there seemed to be,
like, two crown chakras as well.
So I think these star beings,
these elongated skulls,
sensed the environment
differently.
OK?
So Andy Collins knows
Rodney Hale well, don't you?
Rodney came with me
to Avebury Henge.
It's wonderful.
Hugh lives near Stonehenge, I
lived near to Avebury Henge.
We're megaliths, Hugh.
[LAUGHS]
And so we did some
testing on some stones,
because I always said, as
did many other doubters,
that standing stones can
equate to the chakra system.
There's five above,
and there's two below
if the stone is in the ground.
So the two were flowing through
the earth, and five were above.
And when these were measured,
again, by Rodney and David
Webb much later, said that
they resonated to 18 hertz.
We hear at 20 hertz.
I think the elongated skull
people and the Starchild
heard the stones.
And they listened
to the landscape.
We're visual people, so we
kind of visualize things.
So for me, it was a totally
different experience
of the landscape and of,
you know, the monuments.
If you imagine that
in the Neolithic,
some amazing monuments
were built by these people
and maybe under direction
of the Starchild,
maybe under the direction
of a ruling elite
that I will show you in
my presentation tomorrow.
So, so much wrapped
up into the land.
And one of their monuments
stood in front of Stonehenge.
And it was called
the Cursus Monument.
Recorded by William
Stokely and--
who was an antiquarian
of the 18th century.
And he described it
as being a huge, maybe
six to 10 feet tall building.
Imagine that chalk block, like--
almost like kind of blocks of
chalk that was smoothed off.
And it went on for nearly two
miles in front of Stonehenge
in a rectangular shape.
Sadly, that got plowed out.
And that would have
had very acoustic sound
some people would speculate on.
And even the chambers that the
Neolithic people went into,
it's been recorded that they
too have acoustic properties.
So for me, the
adventures haven't
ended with my discoveries
at Stonehenge.
They've only just begun.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Barry Fitzgerald.
Barry, do you think the
mythology from our ancient past
still presents itself
in current times?
>> Yes, I do.
And I think there is
a lot to be learned
from our ancient
mythology and folklore.
And briefly, I was speaking
to some of our panel members
today in regards to this.
There is a real value in a lot
of the message, the messages
and stories that
they left behind
and how that brings us forward
into how we examine things
today.
And as I said, it
has great value.
But outside of that, we also
need to look at the proof.
What proof did
they leave behind?
We need something
more substantial.
We-- it's not so
much I think we--
I think possibly it's a
case of more substance.
That's what the people
demand today, especially
in today's climate.
We need direction.
And our ancestors have
lived thousands of years,
and they have left this
direction within the stone.
And there is value
within the stone.
And in fact, even from a
really weird circumstance
of the high strangeness
of everything else,
it brings us back to
look at the stone.
And this goes right across
the board from ufology
into folklore into various
other fringe research fields.
We see our attention being
brought back to the stone.
There's a value in the stone.
Harmonics.
Archaeology is developing.
We're now understanding
these areas of value
and how they resonate and how
we resonate with those areas.
But not only is that an
audible circumstance.
We also have the light that
penetrates those areas.
That-- those ranges
of light that
enter the chambers signify the
time in which these places were
activated.
And so this all
correlates together.
Then we have to also consider
some of the substances
that our ancestors
were also taking.
And what were those substances?
Now we can see and
understand now with the work
that I've been doing
back in Ireland
that a lot of the Akkadians'
wall art that was depicted,
we now understand
what that fruit is.
How that fruit is--
how that fruit is broken down
and how that resonates with us
when we consume it.
And what is it that they were
actually communicating with?
This is something we
have to understand.
We lived-- our ancestors
lived in a society
where there wasn't a lot of us.
Yet they took the time to
build these amazing structures.
That's taking away from
the ability to live.
So there was a great
importance behind these places.
And this is something
we have to reconnect to.
We have to reconnect
to our spirituality.
Because these places were
built under spirituality.
We have to process
and understand
that, which is something we
have really veered off from.
And in the present sense.
So now we're really starting
to understand what they were
doing, how they were doing it.
But more to the point, what
were they communicating with?
And their lives a
very dangerous topic
which I'll be speaking
about tomorrow.
I mean, what is it that
we're communicating with?
What is behind the veil?
So our ancestors
have left us a lot
within the stone structures.
It's up to us to decipher
it, to understand it, and get
something more
substantial that gives us
presently a grounding to
understand what's coming ahead.
And that's very, very important.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Billy Carson.
Billy, throughout
Egypt there are
seemingly examples of rock
being cut and bored out
by ancient machine tools.
Do you believe such ancient
civilizations possess
such equipment, and if so,
what do you think happened
to all of this equipment?
>> Wow, that's a
fantastic question.
It's one of those
questions that makes
you want to scratch your head,
because I've been to Egypt,
I've been to a lot of ancient
sites around the world.
And what's
interesting is you can
begin to see the same
type of tool markings
on some of these
megalithic structures.
And so now you have to
come to the assumption
that if you see
it more than once,
it's circumstantial evidence.
And so when you have enough
circumstantial evidence,
you have a case.
Right?
And so you begin to build
this case on the fact
that there were
these tools, advanced
tools of some type
that were able to cut
and bore these incredible
stones and quartz, granite,
and everything else.
And it makes you want to
ask the question, well,
if you have these tools,
then what in the world
happened to them?
Well, when you look at
some of these structures
and you take a compass of
some of these ancient stones,
you find out that when
you put the compass close
to the stones, especially in
areas of Egypt, that sometimes
the compass moves away.
It spins away from where it
is, what direction you're
standing in.
And that's another
curious thing,
is somehow the magnetic
field around the atoms
has been altered or changed.
Has it flipped?
What kind of tool can be used to
cut stone and at the same time
alter the atomic structure
of the actual stone as well?
Great, great questions.
And so I personally believe
that in ancient times,
these advanced beings--
they call them the
Neteru in Ancient Egypt.
The Neteru.
In Mesopotamia, they
call them the Anunnaki.
The Sumerians did.
And they're named
in the Enuma Elis
the Seven Tablets of Creation.
And all around the
world, you find
these cultures have
these different names
for these beings.
But in my opinion,
some beings came here,
some advanced beings.
I don't think that
they were gods
as in the creator of universes.
I do believe that
people deified them
because they were mystified
by their capabilities.
They became cargo cults
worldwide centered
around these advanced beings.
But they had advanced
tools and technology.
When I went to Cambodia,
I think it was 2018,
one of the locals that had
been there for generations,
his family had been
there for generations,
told me that the
camp-- the Angkor Wat
was poured into place.
They poured it into place.
And when you look
at some of the stone
there around that
structure, it does
look like liquefied concrete.
Pretty interesting.
And so there obviously was a
very, very advanced culture
in my opinion in
the ancient past.
Not taking anything away
from our ancient ancestors,
because they themselves had
been taught and developed
different levels of
advanced technology.
But just my personal
experience and from dealing
like especially with the Ancient
Egyptian texts and the language
of light and learning
from that culture
directly, dealing and talking
with local guides, homegrown
guides, generations of
pyramid families, you know,
it looks to me as if
these Neteru who came down
at the time of Zep
Tepi, they were
claimed to have turned
mud into a kingdom.
These are sky gods
that came to Earth.
Now, sometimes
people scoff and say,
well, you know, why
couldn't human beings
just do all this stuff?
I'm not saying that human
beings didn't do all this stuff.
I'm saying some type of
a person or hominid--
because I don't really
think that a lot
of these advanced beings
look like little green men
with antennae.
I think we look a lot like them
and they look a lot like us.
Potentially probably
even our cousins.
Because I kind of believe
now after visiting Australia
and talking to the
Aboriginal elders,
that Earth is most likely some
type of abandoned seed colony
and we were seeded here.
And so these beings
had the capability
of turning mud into a kingdom.
And wherever you look
around the world,
we see this same exact story
of this-- these advanced
beings showing up
after a catastrophe
and helping rekickstart
civilizations.
Now where have the tools gone?
Where have this technology gone?
If you look at the way that
the stones were put together
and the types of materials in
the stones, the types of stones
that were put up to create
these megalithic structures,
you'd find that
they were created
to stand the test of time.
Now, if you take a piece of
human or manmade technology
and put it next to a pyramid
and then go away and come back
10,000 years later,
that technology
that you put down next to the
pyramid is going to be dust.
All right?
So we know that for
a fact, because we
experienced rust and everything
else here just in a few years.
If you have a car
near the ocean or you
have a car that drives
in a lot of salt
when it's in the winter
months like in New York City
or whatever, the salt eats away
and rusts out your vehicle.
So we know that technology
disintegrates over time.
And so I think some of it has
disintegrated over time as well
as the fact that I believe
after the last Pyramid War,
that a lot of the
technology was stripped out
of a lot of the pyramids
and temples and taken away.
A lot of the capstones of
majority of the pyramids,
I believe that they
were taking off
and removed purposefully
to prevent people
from accessing the energy
source or the power
source or the technology.
Whatever that finishing piece
of the structure accomplished,
I believe that that was taken
away as well by these people.
And the purpose of
that was to prevent us
from being able to
expedite our progress
with technological advancement.
And so I believe that a
lot of it was taken away.
And some of it, to be honest,
it just disintegrated over time.
A massive amount of time.
And that's my
personal experience,
personal understanding of it.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Hugh Newman.
Hugh, it has been written
that some giant skeletons had
extra digits and even
two rows of teeth.
Do you believe these to be real?
And if so, do you think these
variations in such skeletons
are a normal process
of evolution?
>> Ooh, OK.
So this is a weird one.
This is something we've
come across, especially
really mainly in North America.
As you can see up here,
we've got all these accounts.
In fact, we've got
an entire chapter
devoted to this in our
book, "Giants on Record,"
where there are
reports of what are
called double rows of teeth.
And sometimes there
were triple rows
of teeth in some of the jaws,
as we found in Amelia Island
in Florida reported
in the mid-1800s.
But we have about 30,
maybe possibly 50 accounts.
Some of them are quite unusual
descriptions of this phenomena
the giant skeletons dug up from
the mounds and from the deserts
and even from megalithic
sites in North America.
Now sometimes you just
have a few extra teeth,
like supernumerary teeth.
Or it could be fully
fledged hypodontia
which is like extra teeth,
abnormal growth in the mouth.
But some of these
accounts are very strange,
because they have clear--
two rows of teeth in each jaw.
Now this is something
that has been
noted is, do get genetic
throwbacks in modern times?
But usually, these appear
in very, very tall people.
And I've had-- since
the book came out
and since we did our TV show
about this, but lots of people
contacted us.
One of the things we
did in the TV show
was interview Dr. Shara
Bailey of New York University,
who's a dental anthropologist.
And we showed her
all these accounts.
Any photos we had.
And she was absolutely stunned.
And what she realized, and
the only real explanation how
this could keep
happening is there's
some genetic line which could
be connected with a very
early ancestor of human.
Perhaps the Denisovans.
We don't know yet.
And these are genetic
throwbacks occurring.
And they are kind of bred,
especially in North America,
between elite groups to
maintain these giant genes.
And it got to a point
where extra rows of teeth
would be created,
almost like just
to fill up the gap in
the giant jaws that
are occurring in North America.
But we have other accounts.
We have stories from Ireland.
We have like hte
mythological stories
of some of the giant kings
had double rows of teeth.
They had extra
digits on each hand.
We have stories of--
we actually have
accounts, one from Dorset,
and one from the Outer Hebrides,
where they were-- in Britain,
where they've actually found
extra teeth in the jaws
of certain individuals.
And we feature that
in our latest book.
But we also have the digits,
the extra fingers and toes.
Now this is an anomaly.
My co-author and good
friend Jim Vieira
is the real expert on it.
He's done a whole
lecture about this.
And he's found this
in more giant accounts
than normal-sized
human accounts.
So again, we seem to be finding
this kind of genetic throwback
to very, very early
ancient times.
And again, we have mythological
figures from the Bible.
Like, I think it's the
fourth descendant of Goliath
was said to have had six
fingers and six toes.
Some accounts from
the Bible have
extra rows of teeth in the
mouth of the giant of Gath.
And there's other stories
from all over the world where
we find this anomaly.
You also find
petroglyphs with, like,
six fingers carved or painted
at certain places like in North
America and other areas.
And so the explanation is
quite a hard one to decipher.
But it appears, as
I said, like there's
kind of genetic throwbacks
linked with these giant genes.
And one of these giant
genes that we looked into
was something
called the AIP gene,
which is from the Ulster region
of northern part of Ireland.
Now this is a gene that's at
least been recorded and traced
back at least 2,500 years.
And this is the area where
Charles Burne, the Irish giant
and many other kind of
relatively modern giants
over the last few hundred
years, have come from.
And it still happens today.
The people are being born
with this AIP gene in them.
And this isn't quite the same
as acromegaly or gigantism.
And you do-- you're
quite well proportioned
with this AIP gene, unlike
with these other pituitary
conditions.
And some people
have even suggested
this gene may have originated
from North America where
we find the giants.
Originally, I think,
like, America is actually
the giant kind of
capital of the planet.
And so the fact that
you've got this occurring
in this part of Ireland and
you have all these legends
of these giant races,
like the Tuatha De Danann,
the Fomorians and others,
who again, some of them
were said to have extra
fingers and extra teeth.
I think there's a
connection there.
And I think the myths do record
elements of what was actually
going on in prehistoric times.
So there's more
research really needs
to be done about this
double rows of teeth
kind of phenomena.
Because we presented this,
we've shown it to academics.
And as usual, when
you're looking
at unusual things
like this, there's
very little interest from
that side of the kind of area
of research.
So hopefully more
will come out on that.
But for now, if you know
anyone with double rows
of teeth or extra fingers,
please get in touch.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
>> Andrew Collins.
Andrew, over the
last 10 years, there
have been numerous
theories about the function
of the Great Pyramid in Egypt.
What do you believe
its function was?
>> OK, another good question.
Well, I'm a conventionalist,
to be honest.
And for me, the Great
Pyramid probably
was constructed around 2600 BC.
I know there's lots
of theories suggesting
that it's much older.
And I also believe that it
probably is a form of tomb.
But I think the word
"tomb" really underplays
what we're dealing with here.
Because if you
think of a tomb, you
think of going into a churchyard
and seeing a tomb or outside.
You know, maybe
a box or a grave.
Or going inside a
church and seeing,
you know, some kind of
monument or whatever.
But we're not dealing
about that type of tomb.
We're not dealing with
that sort of tomb.
We're talking about what might
be described as an ascension
machine.
I think that is a much
better way of looking
at the Great Pyramid.
And who would it have been
an ascension machine for?
Well, the builder, the
traditional builder
of the Great Pyramid, was Khufu.
And he was one of the kings
of the Fourth Dynasty.
And of course, you know,
his immediate descendants
were responsible for the
construction of the other two
main perfect
pyramids, as they're
called, on the Giza Plateau.
Which is the second pyramid,
you know, the Pyramid of Khafre.
And of course,
the third pyramid,
The Pyramid of Menkaure.
Well, you know, you've got these
three incredible monuments.
And I think that the King's
Chamber in particular
obviously was meant to be
the heart of this ascension
machine.
And I think that there is
a very strong possibility
that the idea was to almost
project the soul of the pharaoh
into some kind of sky world.
Virtually through the actual
apex of the actual pyramid
itself towards some kind
of celestial or cosmic
destination.
Now obviously you'll be
aware of my good friend
Robert Bauval's ideas
to do with Orion.
But there are other
alternatives as well relating
to the alignments of the
three Great Pyramids of Giza.
And those that have read
my books like "The Cyngus
Key" and "The
Cygnus Mystery" will
know that Cygnus is also a very,
very important constellation
associated with Ancient Egypt.
And what Cygnus represented--
by the way, Cygnus in Europe--
Euro and Eurasian tradition
is essentially a big bird,
basically.
Usually a swan, but it
could also be a vulture.
And it's, you
know, a sky figure.
It's up there in the sky.
And it's identified
by different cultures.
But in Ancient Egypt,
Cygnus, the stars of Cygnus,
of which the brightest
star is the star
Deneb are actually
on the Milky Way.
Where the Milky Way
breaks into two.
And the Milky Way
in Ancient Egypt
was seen as the body of
a goddess known as Nuet.
You often see this
picture of this naked lady
arched over the Earth.
And that's Nut.
And she was personified in the
night sky as the Milky Way.
Well, if you see that
as a literal impression
of this goddess, the position
where the Milky Way splits
in two, where the Cygnus stars
are located, was her womb.
And obviously beneath
that, obviously her legs
were where the Milky
Way splits in two.
And this area of the sky,
this womb, if you like,
of the goddess was seen as an
entry and exit to the sky world
in amongst many different
ancient cultures
around the world.
I mean, for instance, in Native
American tradition, you have
what's known as the path
of souls death journey.
And this was a journey that
was adopted by at least 30
to 40 different tribes,
all with variations
of exactly the same
journey into the afterlife.
And essentially
what would happen
is that death, either the
deceased or the shaman going
into an altered state,
would make a leap of faith
towards the horizon
at a particular time
where they would enter the Milky
Way via one of the key stars
in the constellation of Orion.
That's why Orion is so
important in Ancient Egypt,
because it was like the first
bridge, the first doorway
into the next world.
And the soul would then
travel along the Milky Way
until it reached the
Cygnus constellation.
And then it would be either
judged to be righteous
and it would go
into the afterlife.
Or if not, it would
be reincarnated.
Or the soul would actually
be sent into oblivion.
And this was what's known as
the path of souls journey.
And the actual Milky Way
was that path of souls.
It was a road or river
into the afterlife.
Exactly the same thing was
going on in Ancient Egypt.
I mean, Graham
Hancock talked all
about this in his last
book, "America Before."
But it's something
that, you know,
those that have read my
books like "Cygnus Mystery,"
"Cygnus Key" will be very,
very much familiar with that.
And the pyramids, the
Three Pyramids at Giza,
are perfectly aligned to the
three main stars of Cygnus.
The so-called wing
stars of Cygnus.
The bird in its form as--
well, in Egypt, it's probably
something like a hawk
or a falcon, basically.
And so those pyramids
were specifically placed,
specifically aligned so that
the soul could travel first
to Orion and then journey on
into the afterlife via the womb
of the goddess Nut.
And it's from within
this that the soul was
reborn into the afterlife,
into the second life.
The field of reeds beyond
the physical world.
So that's it, really.
So in summary, the Great
Pyramid, and its neighbors,
of course, was the end
product of a lot of evolution
that had gone on in Egypt
for many thousands of years.
But ultimately, it's
an ascension machine
to project that soul
into the afterlife.
[APPLAUSE]
OK.
>> Maria Wheatley.
Maria, locations of
Salisbury Plain in the UK
are utilized by the
British military forces
and are considered off
limits to the general public.
Maria, do you
think that there is
a reason for such military
bases in specific locations
near to Stonehenge?
>> Of course.
Stonehenge is a power center.
The biggest power center
in the British Isles.
And close to it, if
you imagine, Stonehenge
is right on the periphery
of the Salisbury Plain.
And the Salisbury Plain itself--
and it is a military
establishment--
is 25 miles roughly by 25 miles.
You can't go onto some parts
of the Salisbury Plain.
You're denied access.
So it's likened to Area 51.
But more than that,
the Salisbury Plain
is an area that has up to 2,500
prehistoric monuments therein.
That's a lot of monuments.
And some of the most
interesting, intriguing,
and fascinating burials
are in that zone.
So it is very difficult. You
have to navigate the plane.
You have to work out if
there's a red flag flying.
And if it is, you
can't enter it.
They use live ammunition and
it goes right over the heads
over some of the
roads, as it were,
as you're traveling along it.
But as well, Stonehenge
is often associated
with time distortions.
And I do past life regression.
And I had some very
interesting cases come my way
from the military
who said that they'd
parked up their car along
a trackway very close
to Stonehenge.
And they'd had a ciggie,
a couple of cigarettes
and a couple of tins of beer.
And, you know, they're
having a good time.
And then what they
saw was these lights
come out of what
they thought was
the ground near some barrows.
And these lights
came towards the car
and almost danced around
it quite hypnotically.
But they're from the military.
And they realized they could
triangulate and do this.
And so they thought,
oh, it was, you
know, just one of those things.
And they'd heard of things
like earth lights, balls.
And that could
have answered what
had occurred with these lights.
So they go back to Lark Hill.
And I know there's
a chap here today
from Lark Hill that
I've spoken to.
So they go back.
And then they are
under military arrest.
Because they've been absent
without leave for a few days.
So, and that was there, in got
out of a past life regression.
But they felt that it
had happened anyway.
So I think Stonehenge
can distort time.
And I think that's
what the military is
interested in as well.
And again, if we
look beyond the lay,
if we look beyond earth
currents for one moment.
And what is beneath Stonehenge
that would interest people
like the military?
What's beneath Stonehenge
are two massive aquifers.
One is an aquifer of
groundwater that you
get at places like the
Giza Pyramid, for example.
So you've got a
large body of water.
But as an esoteric
water diviner,
I know that there's
another type of water
that I've often spoke
about in lectures.
And that's the water
borne within Gaia.
And it's independent
of rainfall,
and it produces
a spiral pattern.
Now water has memory.
OK?
So I think how some
people can work with that
is the Akashic Record of Place.
It has information stored in it.
And also a little known fact
about Stonehenge is the first
stone to be raised wasn't.
It was buried.
So the first stone went
down into the ground,
and then a stone
was placed upon it.
And so I think the military
are interested in Stonehenge
because it has a lot of
different types of energy.
It's also an Akashic Record.
And the energies when
you start to look
at how they flow into and out of
a monument is very interesting.
Because at Stonehenge,
they emerge.
Now when you have earth
energies emerging,
run by the altar
stone incidentally,
you have a lot of power.
And it also is associated
with vortex energy.
And the military, you
only have to look to,
you know, country after
country after country.
And there's always
a little formula.
Vortex, ancient sites, military.
So it's not just Stonehenge,
it's all over the world.
Then when you start to look
how the military bases surround
Stonehenge is very
interesting as well.
Because you have-- it must be
about sort of seven miles away.
You have our nuclear biological
testing center Porton Down.
Now that's right
on a straight lane
going out from the
Stonehenge environs.
So it seems that all of
their military establishments
are linked in with
ley energy as well.
That I believe that
they are neutralizing
in ways that, you know, they
do try to keep quiet about it.
And I think they just,
like I said earlier,
they distort time as well.
As many of the
people on this panel
know, and I've been to
Stonehenge year after year,
and I've been to Stonehenge
decade after decade.
And in 2010, I was really
excited because I actually
was with Hugh in
2010 at Stonehenge,
you know, with
Michael Tellinger.
And I remember I was
bigging it up, as we do.
And I was saying to the people
that were the participants,
it's coming into its power.
And a decade and a
decade before, it, like,
ripples through time.
And it can get high res.
And it was coming into
its moment of power.
And that means if you go by the
greater trilithon, for example,
you feel its energy field as
you're approaching that stone.
And that can change
your consciousness,
your spirituality.
Even, I believe,
your past karma.
So it's coming into its power.
And I thought, wow.
What a day this is going to be.
And so, we got--
if you remember,
Hugh, we were told to sort of
line up like schoolchildren
and told, you can't
touch the stones.
And from that moment
forth, when Stonehenge
could have been a place what--
when you go to
these ancient sites,
it's the place that
can change you.
Now imagine Avebury Henge.
The world's largest stone circle
can have up to 2,000 people
comfortably therein.
And you all got the same
intent, the same spirituality.
You're on the power lines.
And it can bang, switch
people on like that.
2,000 people at any one time.
And that's what I think
these ancient sites were
being used in a good
way of increasing
people's spirituality.
And I think the military kind
of dampens that down greatly so.
And as well with
vortex energy patterns,
each type of earth energy
releases a pattern.
It's like a signature
in a way, and we
can decode those signatures.
And so if you go to
other ancient sites,
they will have
particular signatures.
Stonehenge is like a chapter.
And like I said, it
has energies emerging,
like the cobra coming
up out of the land.
Their alpha lines.
And it has earth currents that
terminate their omega lines.
And so it has everything.
And if we learn to work with
these different energies
in different ways, we can
co-create on an alpha.
We can release on an
omega type of energy.
So I think, you know, in its
most positive guise, Stonehenge
was the teacher of the people.
Stonehenge was the wisdom
keeper of the past.
And that's what
the military know,
and that's why they have
up to 16 military sites
surrounding Stonehenge.
I hope that answers
the question.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Barry Fitzgerald.
Barry, on occasion, do you think
folklore and mythology can help
bridge the gap
between our ancestors,
that is, until
science catches up?
>> Yes, I do think it's useful.
And the last question
that came through, I do
think that there
is some direction
that we can gain from that.
But there are also places
that we have to physically
endure, I find, from--
that originate within the
mythology and the folklore.
And like many in the panel who
have gone to these locations,
there is great learning to
be delivered by doing so.
And there have
been some locations
that have scared the absolute
bejesus out of me when
it comes to it.
And one of those locations was
back in my own home island.
And that place we labeled
the Island of the Dead.
This was a place of oracle.
And like the Oracle
of Delphi, this
was a place that you went
to to gain the knowledge
from beyond the veil.
Now, we heard many
stories of these places.
And investigating a lot of these
locations around the world,
you go, oh, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I've heard
this all before.
And you go and you
have your experience,
and you leave somewhat deflated.
This did not deflate.
This scared the hell out of me.
We completely
underestimated what
we were about to step into.
And it was when dusk
started to settle
that this signature of
this island changed.
And we became aware that
we're not in Kansas anymore.
Because leading up to
that particular point,
we had church officials
that were telling us,
I don't know why you're
going to that island.
There's nothing to find.
Yet we have the
ancient maps that
were showing that, no,
there are structures here.
Oh, no, those maps are wrong.
You'll find nothing.
What we found what
was on those maps
when we went to that island.
But the problem was that the
only place that we could stay--
now, we may have forgotten
to mention to the church
that we were going to stay over.
But the only place that we
could stay were these pits.
Now this island
was not lived on.
Hadn't been lived on for
hundreds, hundreds of years.
Yet these pits, there was very
little growth within them.
It was like the
vegetation refused
to grow within these pits.
Now we were working
through vegetation that
was over our heads at times.
Yet we entered into these
areas where the pits were.
And they were the only
places that we could camp.
And it was during
that experience
of staying in those pits
that I was introduced
to this aspect of the
Neolithic spirituality
that I certainly was
not prepared for.
But that-- the experience that I
had there-- and I can tell you,
there are many people that
will head to the Amazon
and they'll drink ayahuasca
and they'll do everything else.
That is not enjoyable to me.
I do not like the idea of
purging myself from both ends.
That is not what I'm into.
I didn't even have a cup of
tea when I was on this island,
and I had the
experience of my life.
And it was so powerful.
It's a very, very
powerful experience.
In fact, the church
tried to harness
the power of that island.
They couldn't do it.
They destroyed it.
And they duplicated the
island on another island
on the same lake.
Now you can still
go there today.
On the swipe of a
credit card for $80,
you can stay on that
island and experience
the same structures that were
built on the original island.
But yet you can see
the original island.
You won't have the same
experiences from that place.
That powerhouse is still there
in a remote part of Ireland.
And it was a place even
in the medieval period,
they knew that you went
there for your experience,
to learn from what was
coming through that veil.
Very, very dramatic place.
Very-- the power of that
place, I can't even express.
I don't have the language to
express just what it exudes.
But it was very, very dramatic.
And I think that their
ancestral history,
it can give us knowledge.
And I have to say that being--
initially, after my
first experience,
I says, I'm done with that.
I'm not going back
near that place.
And I left it for, I
must admit, maybe seven,
eight years before I decided,
OK, I'm going to go back.
But I'm going back in daylight.
And I went back.
And it's a very, very
dangerous lake in itself.
So you can't take a
motorboat, you have to paddle.
And we went back to the island.
And this was the
first place that we
were able to see where
this tunnel complex was,
this cave complex,
what was left of it.
It was the first
time ever that we
were using
technological equipment
that we could record
that distortion in time
you spoke about.
We got to see it
for the first time
that this location
has an effect on time.
We were looking at this bridge
way between both places.
And scientifically,
we could see it.
And that was
exceptionally important.
Still scared the hell out of me.
But it was a place I'm
aware of and I trust now
that the power of that
place is so immense,
and it lifted me and
changed my paradigm
of what I thought our world
was and what our ancestors were
in communication with.
So yes, there is a lot to be
learned from our ancestors.
And our science,
it's catching up.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Billy Carson.
Billy, you once
wrote a hypothesis
based on your research that
planet Earth is, in fact,
part of a binary star system.
In more recent times,
your hypothesis
has been confirmed by science.
Billy, how did you come
to this conclusion?
>> Wow.
You guys have some great
questions. (LAUGHS) Wow,
you do some research.
So yeah, I had
hypothesized that we
live in a binary solar system.
That our sun is not
just a single sun
orbiting around the galactic
equator, but it actually are--
we have in our solar
system two suns.
And how I came to this
hypothesis, right around 2010,
I kind of really got
deep into astronomy
and I became an
amateur astronomer.
And I started buying really
high tech telescopes.
And I started looking at the
precession of the equinoxes
and tracking it, just to
see how the ancients might
have tracked it or how the
Mayans might have tracked it.
Or how even now in modern day
science, how do we track this?
And through my measurements in
a very short period of time,
I realized if I projected that
time period out going forward--
and the precession is the
movement of the constellations
across the sky.
I discovered that
precession was speeding up.
And I'm saying, why
would the precession
of the equinoxes speed up?
How can that possibly be?
What would cause
the stars to move,
the constellations to move
across the sky faster?
So I said, the only
thing that could be
is that we must be
moving faster, right?
And so our sun, which we
orbit, must be moving faster
through the galaxy.
And in some way, creating this
speed up of the precession.
But I said, well, that
doesn't really make sense.
If our arm, if our galactic
arm is moving faster,
how could that still
create this movement?
Because we're all
moving at the same time.
And there would be more,
what we call red light.
And so I said, let me
look into this deeper.
And I started finding
that in ancient text,
there had been talk of--
talks of binary stars.
And that the Dogon
tribe but even
talked about a
trinary star system
that they had knowledge of.
Or the series A, B, and C.
And I said, I wonder
if that means maybe we
have a binary or
trinary star system?
So I started digging
deeper into that.
And I found some really
incredible information
that was actually from the
NASA Space Agency, the European
Space Agency.
They had realized that
there was possibly
a brown dwarf or a red
dwarf star orbiting our sun.
I'm going to be talking about
this in my lecture tomorrow,
so please don't miss it.
But I'm going to bring
forth a lot of the evidence
right there to you, where
astronomers now have finally
discovered that there is a star
with a solar system orbiting
our sun, right now today.
And so all the history
books are being rewritten,
all the astrophysical books
are being rewritten for college
and studies, because we now
know that there is another star
system.
And so as that star
orbits our sun,
they create a breakaway speed.
So it speeds up,
and it slows down.
As it needs more breakaway
speed, it speeds up
and then it slows down.
Now this is over
thousands of years.
And so what happens is over
about a 4,200 year period,
there is another mini solar
system with a brown dwarf
star which has got the
same mass as our sun,
but much, much
smaller and much more
dimmer sun that you can't
see with the naked eye,
only with-- if you
go into the telescope
system like
WorldwideTelescope.org,
you can put the telescope
into two mass infrared mode.
And then you can--
right now, if you go into
the constellation of Leo,
right by the lower right corner
of the constellation of Leo
and you zoom in, you'd be able
to see this brown dwarf there.
It's coming out of Leo
and it's orbiting our sun.
It's way far beyond
the orbit of Pluto,
but still inside the
inner Oort cloud area.
So it's a part of
our solar system.
It's not, you know, a captured
star from somewhere else.
It's in the same
vicinity way out there,
but still orbiting our sun.
And it's-- what's interesting is
this brown dwarf is giving off
gravitational waves-- something
I had predicted over 10 years
ago and was laughed at and
scoffed and told I was crazy
and a pseudoscientist, which
then NASA confirmed about four
years ago and made it official.
That gravitational
waves actually do exist,
they discovered that.
And so what's creating this
global warming, the importance
of this and what is creating
that global warming,
is actually the gravitational
waves from this binary star
system that we're living in.
And when the stars
become closer together,
the waves from the brown
dwarf interacting with our sun
create a ripple effect of
energy through our solar system.
And that energy goes
in and it warms up
the cores of the
suns and the moons--
I'm sorry, the planets and
the moons in our solar system
creating warming
of those objects,
of those spatial bodies.
So our entire solar system is
experiencing global warming
at the same exact time because
of this binary star system
that we have.
And that's more evidence
that it actually exists.
As the energy from the
gravitational waves
goes into a planet or a moon,
it actually creates friction.
That friction warms
the planet or the moon
from the inside out.
Scientists now say that Saturn's
core is actually melting.
And if we were on Saturn,
if that was our planet,
we'd already be gone.
The ice caps on Mars
are melting right now.
There's billions of tons
of liquid water on Mars.
Global warming on Earth is
not caused by exhaust fumes
and spray can-- hair spray
cans and cows passing gas, OK?
I'm sorry, it's just not.
Now, do we have an appreciable
effect on global warming?
Yes, we do.
But if you look at the ice core
data, the ice core samples,
and you can take that back,
it's like reading a book.
You can go back every so
many thousands of years,
you see a warming pattern.
And actually, we're not even
in the warmest warming pattern
that we've ever been in.
We're not even close to the
warmest warming pattern.
So there's even
cycles of warming.
And global warming,
at its highest level,
will create a ice age,
and we're not there yet.
So if that's something
you've been worrying about,
don't worry about it anymore.
It's just normal.
OK?
But it's because it's a result
of this binary star system.
So my investigation into
astronomy and precession
led me to a hypothesis that
was then proved to be accurate.
That's how I found out about it.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you.
>> Hugh Newman.
Hugh, your research
has taken you
around the world investigating
the evidence for ancient giants
that once lived amongst us.
Hugh, have you ever discovered
the remains of giant weapons
that may have also been
used by the giants?
>> Yes, yes.
There's quite a
few accounts we've
come across where we've
encountered this, actually.
There's numerous ones
from North America.
I mean, North America is
the homeland of the giants,
in my opinion.
That's the proper
giant territory.
And we found huge axe heads
that are like-- some of them
are like, what, 36
pounds, 40 pounds.
And they're huge.
Some of them are like this big.
And they clearly were connected
to wood, rope, and everything
else.
And they'd been used.
What they were used for, whether
they were hunting other humans.
We know there's a lot
of cannibalism going on
with these giants.
Or whether they were chopping
down wood or whatever.
But they're absolutely
ridiculous some of these.
And I'm a member of this
ancient artifacts preservation
society in America, and they--
there's people still
finding them today.
There's people still finding
artifacts in North America.
And the ones that
have been recorded
in history over the
last 200, 250 years,
have often been found along
with the giant skeletons.
Some of them even reported by
the Smithsonian Institution
in the annual reports
in the late 1800s.
Who then denied these
skeletons and artifacts ever
existed and disappeared,
the whole lot of them.
And so-- but people
are still finding them.
I've seen some myself.
In our book, "Giants on Record"
and in a couple of videos
I've produced, we actually
had two amazing examples.
And just to handle these
things that have been
dug out of mounds where
accounts of giant skeletons
were said to have
been dug up from.
One of them was near
Cahokia in Illinois.
Not Cahokia itself, but
another mound site near there.
Another one was in Ohio.
And I think there
was another one
we saw actually from the
Mississippi area as well.
So that's North America.
And the other
artifacts that have
been found in Arizona and
Utah, like giant armor being
worn by some of the skeletons
found in some caves there.
We have-- in Britain,
we have a large amount
of stories regarding
giant swords, armor,
axes as well found
within the burials.
One of these was from Cumbria at
a place called St. Bees, where
a 13 and 1/2 foot
skeleton was found
in a field just when someone
was kind of, you know,
basically working with
the wheat in their field.
When they dug down, they
kept hitting, you know,
bits of rock, which are part
of this stone lined grave.
And when they dug it up, there
was a 13 and 1/2 foot skeleton
with giant armor.
And this actually got passed
around to all the locals.
So there might still be
pieces of it lying around.
But we feature the full
account in our book.
So if like-- you
know, if anyone hears
about any giant pieces of
armor near St. Bees in Cumbria,
do get in touch.
We have other stories in
different parts of the world.
From South Africa,
we've got lots
of accounts of giant axe
heads, spearheads, and things
like this.
But there are
really quite a lot.
You know, and there was
one example, I believe.
I think-- I don't know if
this was a hoax or not.
But down in Ecuador, there
was Father Crespi's treasure.
And they found-- it wasn't
really a weapon as such,
but it was like a crown, which
was like this big, you know,
made of this certain
type of metal.
Gold, I believe, or copper.
With all these sort of
other pieces within it.
And this hasn't been explained.
But again, that's
disappeared as well,
like much of Father
Crespi's treasure has.
And so, yeah, we got
a lot of accounts.
We do a whole chapter in
our "Giants on Record"
about North America called
Curious Artifacts, where
we go into lots and
lots of different things
that have been found.
I'm not going to
list them all now.
But there are, you know,
too many to ignore.
And they're not just ceremonial,
like some people suggest.
There's a lot of suggestions
that anything that's
giant sized must be ceremonial.
There's even
Paleolithic hand axes
which are three times the size
as they should be found down
in Kent in England.
And things like this.
And these go back hundreds
of thousands of years.
So what was going on there?
Were the giants that long ago?
So to answer the
question, yes, there
are lots and lots of artifacts
found all over the world.
Unfortunately, many
have been lost.
Many have been
deliberately disappeared.
But some are still on
display in various places.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Andrew Collins.
Andrew, you have
spent numerous years
investigating and researching
Gobekli Tepe, an ancient site
situated in Turkey.
Andrew, in your
opinion, who were
the founders of Gobekli
Tepe, and why did you
come to this conclusion?
>> Yeah, that's a good one.
OK.
Gobekli Tepe, I
mean, most of you
will probably have
heard about it.
This is incredible ancient
site in Southeast Turkey.
11,500 years old.
It confirms really it's almost
like the smoking gun of a lost
civilization that would have
existed in part at least
during the last Ice Age.
And almost certainly,
it's the point
I found, the cradle of
our modern civilization.
But from my own point
of view, the story
really goes back to about 1995.
And I was writing a
book back then called
"From the Ashes of Angels."
And what this did was to
look at all of the myths
and legends of these beings.
You know, I would say human
beings, flesh and blood beings,
that existed in some former
age in the Near East.
Everywhere from Anatolia,
which is modern day Turkey, to,
you know, the other countries,
the Near East, Middle East.
And went under various names.
They're the Watchers,
the Nephilim, obviously
of Judeo-Christian tradition.
The Anunnaki of
Sumerian-Babylonian tradition.
And in Iranian tradition, they
were known as the Immortals.
And there was a lots
of accounts of them.
They were said to
be an elite-- many
are often-- they were
said to be extremely tall.
And it was said that they gave
the rudiments of civilization
to mortal kind.
And that it was from this
that civilization arose.
And all of these stories seem
to be focused around, you know,
a particular area.
And I began to pinpoint it
to Southeastern or Eastern
Anatolia.
The area of Sanliurfa today.
But also the mountains
just to the east.
And I realized that
we were dealing
with some kind of
elite-involving shamanism
and a particular
type of shamanism.
Shamanism involved with birds,
in particular, vultures.
I mean, again and again, it
talked about these individuals
wearing cloaks of feathers.
It's even there in
the Book of Enoch,
which talks all about the
Watchers and the Nephilim.
It talks about these
human angels wearing
these cloaks of feathers.
I mean, the idea
that angels had wings
is actually quite a late
development, really.
Probably came in no
earlier than about
the fourth or fifth century AD.
So I was writing about this.
And putting this book together,
working basically in the autumn
and winter of 1995.
And what I didn't realize is
that exactly the same time I
was writing this,
in Southeast Turkey,
the first spades were going
into the ground at Gobekli Tepe.
And this had been rediscovered
by a very enlightened
German archaeologist by the name
of Professor Klaus Schmidt, who
sadly is no longer with us.
And he realized-- he
went up to this-- the top
of this mountaintop, and there's
this huge occupational mound,
or tepe, as they call it.
And he saw all of these
pieces of carved stone.
Now earlier, people had
seen these carved stone.
But they were so
advanced that they
assumed that they belonged to
a culture that only existed
probably about 1,000 years ago.
You know, equivalent
to the same time
as the Gothic
cathedrals in Europe.
And yet, no.
All of these carvings were
at least 11,000 years old.
And Professor Klaus
Schmidt realized that,
started the excavations
at Gobekli Tepe,
and uncovered these
incredible stone enclosures.
You can see, you
know, some of them
on the screen at the moment.
And they are massive
T-shaped pillars
with carvings of animals
and other creatures
of the natural world.
Many of them have
anthropomorphic features.
In other words, they're
human like with hands
reaching around the front
narrow edges of the stones.
The actual T-shaped tops of
them are the abstract heads
of these human individuals.
Now whether they
were the first gods,
whether they were celestial
beings or great ancestors,
they still are a
matter of debate.
And very gradually,
from 1995 through to,
you know, the current
decade, they've
been uncovering all of
these different enclosures.
And obviously I wrote a
book called "Gobekli Tepe--
Genesis of the Gods,"
which came out in 2014.
Which was a massive
bestseller not only,
you know, around the world,
but in Turkey itself.
You know, the people in
Turkey, you know, love this,
and it's very important to them.
But on top of this
is that recently,
the sister site of
Gobekli Tepe has
been discovered about
60 miles to the east,
at a place called Karahan Tepe.
And this is even
more sophisticated
than Gobekli Tepe.
And it's a site that
I'd been to on my own,
and with Hugh here and JJ,
whose partner on a number
of occasions.
But that was before these
incredible excavations
that have taken place over
the last couple of years.
And this shows that at the
end of the last Ice Age,
that this civilization,
which I call
the civilization
of the ancients,
is even more sophisticated.
And this knowledge must have
been carried over from, well,
as I say before the
last Ice Age, certainly
during the last Ice Age.
And that these were
incredibly advanced peoples.
So that everything that I
wrote about from the "Ashes
of Angels" to do with the
Watchers, the Nephilim,
the Anunnaki, you
know, these are
the names of the
founders of civilization.
And that these stories were
passed on from generation
to generation until they
were eventually written down,
whether it be in Sumeria,
you know, Babylon.
Whether it be within, you know,
the Jewish Hebrew tradition
in things like the Book of
Enoch, the Book of Giants.
And of course, in the
Hebrew Bible itself.
So they preserve the memory of
these founders of civilization.
And that's what Gobekli Tepe is.
It is the point of foundation
of our own civilization
with massive implications
for everything
that came after, including
Egyptian civilization
and the construction
of the Great Pyramids.
And there's a book over
there called "The Cygnus Key"
that I wrote, which has most of
all of what I've just said in.
So check that out if you can.
Cheers.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Maria Wheatley.
Maria, Tilshead Barrow
one Salisbury Plain UK
is a location that has
captured your interest.
What is it that makes
this particular barrow
different than others?
And what had been
discovered there?
>> Yes.
Well I spoke
earlier that there's
different types of long
barrows that were Neolithic.
And going back sort of like
5,500 years, if you will.
And some of us
here probably have
been inside of a
megalithic long barrow,
like Wayland's
Smithy in Oxfordshire
or West Kennet Long
Barrow close to Avebury.
And on the Salisbury Plain that
I was talking about earlier,
there wasn't really
megalithic chambers.
They made them
surrounded by wood.
And so they built a
really long mound.
And you imagine, it's all kind
of paneled around the outside.
Well, I got interested
in Tilshead Long Barrow--
it's called Old Ditch Barrow--
because I decided to use
dowsing in a different way.
Because most people
use information
dowsing to ask a question.
And they get an answer.
Which is great.
But I thought, because
I come from like more
of a druid Wiccan
background, what
if I asked the land itself,
what do you want me to find?
And what would happen.
So I decided to put a big
map up in my living room,
and I started divining the
ancient environs of Stonehenge.
And it's literally a method
that is so, so easy to do.
You go along one side of
the map and the other,
and you get a big X. X
marks the spot, literally.
And it kept going back
to Tilshead Long Barrow.
And at this time,
the elongated skulls
hadn't been discovered as such.
And so I decided on a
cold February morning
that something was
calling to me across time.
And so I got out.
And it was literally
a freezing cold day.
And then, that was about
five years ago in 2015,
you could go onto this
magnificent mound.
And it has a spirit of place.
And that spirit of place kind of
touches your soul in some way.
And it really does.
And so I led on the mound.
And then I just thought, I've
got to find out who you are.
And who-- the what
sort of people
went into this long mound.
Because it was the biggest
in Northwest Europe.
No other mound is that big.
And I thought, bingo.
I've hit hundreds and hundreds
of people that were buried
there in the ancient past.
Because Long Barrows were
communal burrows where
you could get up to 30,
sometimes hundreds people
went into particular barrows.
But it turned out
that it wasn't.
It contained just one person.
And that person was a woman.
It was the elongated
skull that I
said I went to Cambridge with.
But this is what's
happened since then.
I went back there in the time
when we should have gone out.
And I decided to go
there because, again, I
have these like-- it's
like a calling across time.
And this time, the
calling came in a dream.
And this elongated skull
old woman came to me,
and she said, find my child.
And as a mother, that
touched my heart.
So I decided to go back
to this massive barrow.
Honestly, it snakes
across Salisbury Plain.
And what the military
had done, because people
that had read my book and
listened to, you know,
Gaia TV interviews and things
like that, their beauty
touched the landscape.
Because they were making
little clooties, ribbons,
tying them on the tree
and saying prayers
to this Neolithic woman.
That was very short.
She was four foot eight,
quite like Queen Nefertiti.
And she-- her skull was
very, very extended.
Because I've discovered
two races of elongated
skulled people.
I call one the hyperelongated,
and the other, the lesser
elongated.
So people will come in here,
paying homage, remembering
the spirituality of
the Salisbury Plain.
And for one moment
in time, forgetting
that it was Area 51 if you
could have the right to go on.
So this is what the military
did in their response.
They started to put no entry
signs up across her barrow.
And it was crazy, really,
because the fence is only four
foot.
So I just hop over the fence.
I mean, that was
a bit ridiculous.
I was going to put
a fence, so come on.
Put a fence up, man.
And then, what they did--
and I went back and I thought,
well that's a joke, you know.
And then I went back there
two months later, yeah,
to see, again,
what was going on.
Because you get this
calling across time.
You know what I mean, the
sensitive people here.
And you can't not listen to it.
And this time what
the military did,
they covered it in wire mesh.
So it was like a Faraday
cage placed over this barrow.
And so I tried to tug and
tug at it like you do,
but it was really nailed in.
So I was with a
friend, and I said,
let's get some wire clippers
and start clipping some off.
Because imagine that a long
barrow, and this one's huge,
is it-- like I said, it's the
biggest in Northwest Europe.
Sometimes when an energy
currents flows along
the axis line of it,
some earth currents
are deemed special, recognized
by our ancient ancestors.
Because they pulse out energy
in seven, eight, or nines.
And we can, you know, literally
rebalance our chakra systems
upon these.
Glastonbury Abbey has an
access line like that.
And some of the other long
barrows in the area, especially
Wayland's Smithy.
So I was trying to
hack away at these--
you know, making holes so
the energy could symbolically
come back again.
And then, unbeknown to me, you
know, there was a warden there.
So this time, you know,
they're really saying,
could you get off the mound?
Get off the mound and go down.
So I had to get off the
mound and literally go down.
But this is the thing.
If they think that we're
going to be empowered
with love, beauty,
harmony, and balance, bang,
they tried to stop it.
And that's where people
like you and I can come in.
We can free up these
monuments and just say, no.
And we can free up these
places and say, yes, we
can go there to
feel the energies.
To be with the
spirit of the place
and to be with
the ancestors old.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Barry Fitzgerald.
Barry, throughout
our history, there
are details that suggest that
we are encountering today
on a supernatural
level the same as what
our ancestors encountered.
Barry, do you also
see these connections?
>> Yes, we do.
And a lot of the more ancient
stories which are available
online through our--
the Irish government, we
can see this correlation.
And especially if we consider
within ufology for instance,
the idea of a cylinder,
which we would
identify in the modern sense.
We have accounts written
in our older texts
that speak of people being
on lake shores watching this,
and they label it
the Ghost Train.
They see this carriage
coming across the sky
and lowering itself into water.
And this huge amount
of heat that's
presented by this
particular ghost carriage
raises up steam into the air.
And then it raises and then dips
into an ancient passage chamber
and is gone, is
never seen again.
Now, they also described
the windows along the side.
Now that today is clearly
identifiable within ufology
as being a cylinder.
So we do see these connections.
And the stories are tenfold.
We have-- Ireland is
one of those countries
around the world that
has taken that heritage
and put it online,
scanned the details
and put it online
for everyone to look
at from a global perspective.
It's not-- the secrets
are not being held,
they're being given.
And it's up to us then that we
can go online and look at those
and grab those
connections for ourselves.
So there's nothing being hidden
away from our perspective.
But yes, we do see
this correlation
between what our ancestors
were dealing with before
and what they're
dealing with now.
And that goes as
well, and that neatly
slips into this avenue,
this strange avenue
of animal mutilation.
We also see this within
our ancient past.
And migrates itself
right through today.
The problem is that
what we're trying
to identify with
continually changed its mask
over the period of time.
And sometimes several
times in a generation.
So for us, it was about stepping
behind that particular veil
to see, well, what
actually is this?
A lot of the indicators now
are suggesting that we're
looking at the same source.
And, you know, there
is, there is a lot
to be seen within
those particular files.
But I'll end there,
because I could really
go on and on and on.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Billy Carson.
Billy, over the last
five years, there
has been information
come forward
from scientists stating that
a genetically coded number was
created within the human genome.
This being the number 37.
Do you believe this could
be evidence of tampering,
or intelligent design
by extraterrestrials?
>> Yeah, so there's been a lot
of evidence coming forward.
And really, it started
beyond five years ago.
Dr. Bruce Lipton talked about
epigenetics over 20 years ago.
And he was also
scrutinized, laughed
at by his own peers
in his own field
and almost ostracized
and decided to walk away
for a little while.
But now, all of this is
now come full circle.
And again, he has
now been vindicated.
And when you look into the
ancient Sumerian tablets,
particularly into the
Enuma Elish and the Seven
Tablets of Creation and
the Atra-Hasis epic,
you discover something
very interesting.
There was a time
period where there
was a hominid on this planet.
And at some point
during that time period,
according to these
tablets, there
was going to be a
modification to this hominid.
And how do we come to this?
Well, there was this
EGG working class being.
They were also
known as Anunnaki,
but they were like the
working class Anunnaki
according to the tablets.
And they were working and doing
labor for a very long time
and very frustrated that--
with the workload.
They were actually, according
to the tablets, working on Mars.
And I guess they were
mining for resources
and working on civilizations.
They were also on Earth, digging
canals and everything else.
And they decided they
were going to have a coup
against the kings of Earth--
Enki, Enlil, Anu.
And they actually
encircled their campus
where they were located.
And there was this long talk
that goes back and forth
in this text, where
they're, you know,
negotiating whether they're
going to fight or not fight.
And at some point, they
come to the agreement
that they can take the
existing homonid on this planet
and add their essence to it.
That is for me the point in
which genetic modification took
place.
There's also some
more information
with regards to the
Tower of Babel incident
where Yahweh, who's in the
Bible, really is Enlil.
And he comes back and he
sees human beings building
this tower into heaven.
And at that point,
there's a decision
made that, wow, human
beings can do whatever
they want to do if they
really live long enough
and focus and join and unite.
They can achieve anything.
So I tell you what
we're going to do.
I'm going to destroy this tower.
And then I'm going to
confuse their languages,
spread them all out
around the world.
And then I think I'll
shorten their life span, too.
And that's where
you see in the Bible
where lifespans were
shortened to 120 years.
My seed shall not abide in man.
His years will be 120.
And so we see that
there's this clear cut
path that was taken hundreds,
maybe close to 200,000 years
ago, in my personal opinion.
It could be much sooner, but
my opinion is taking it back
to close to 200,000 years in
which a genetic modification
happened to the
existing hominid.
Our own cousins, our relatives
that were already here.
Not an alien from outer
space, but our own cousins
were then genetically
modified where
they took out the telomere.
They took out the
chromosome number two.
And they actually fused
chromosome number two together,
and they put telomere
caps on each end.
And this shortened our lifespan.
And also when modern
scientists have gone back,
geneticists and looked at
this, they say, wait a minute,
this is an artificial mutation.
We can't really figure
out how it happened.
It would take millions of
years through natural evolution
for this to happen.
But we're estimating
around 200,000 years,
around the same time that
I believe it happened
based on Sumerian tablets.
So it's pretty
interesting that we
see that mankind
around this time period
was genetically modified.
Chromosome number two was
taken out and fused together.
Telomeres caps put on each
end of those chromosomes.
Now what does that mean?
A telomere cap contains
genetic buffer material.
And as your cells
and DNA replicate,
which happens every
single day, it
shares some of that
information so that nothing
gets lost in translation so
that your cells and your body
can properly duplicate so
you can continue to live.
However, with caps on the
telomeres, what they've done
is as the buffer material
runs out in the telomeres,
they get smaller and
smaller and smaller
until they run out
of buffer material.
Once that happens, your body
begins the death process.
And so by this method, they've
shortened your lifespan.
Now scientists at Harvard
have now taken mice
and have experimented with
this same technique on mice
and were able to then stop the
degradation of the telomeres
on the mice, allowing them
to live up to three times
their normal lifespan.
And so this is now a
science that exists today,
genetic modifications that
exist today that we're
capable of doing right now.
And I believe personally
that they just copied
what they learned
from the ancient past
or heard about in
the ancient past
and started experimenting
how can they duplicate it.
So now today, we can genetically
modify a human being.
I think we can
actually stop this--
the shrinking of
telomeres in humans,
just like the Anunnaki could
turn on or turn that off.
Because some people were
granted longer lifespans.
Well, how did they do that?
Another modification.
And so that's why it's important
to have conferences like this
where we actually come
together and learn
about this information.
And that we learn
how to, you know,
remember our ancient
past, learn about what's
happening around us right
now, so that we can all unite
and take back control
of our planet.
Because if we don't, they're
going to start selling us time.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Thank you.
Thank you all.
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen, this
brings our Ancient Alien panels
to an end.
I hope you've enjoyed
it as much as I have.
Please put your hands together
for our esteemed guests.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]